Okay,
guys.
And welcome back.
Now,
let's have a look at what the difference between select method and the activate method is
now you'll notice in the comments or is some explanatory notes just here,
so that will help you to understand what it is.
So with this data set that we have here,
let's have a look what happens.
So if I press f eight,
you can see that a nine gets selected.
But if I click off here and hit after 11 and press F eight in here,
you know,
and get selected again.
So in this particular instance,
it looks like rain j nine dot select a range A no induct activate achieved exactly the same
thing.
So let's have a look at what the difference is.
If we were to say range.
Where are we a put quotes?
I have a five to a 12 dot Celek script.
I can't type select.
Don't select a man.
I type range a nine dot activated copy clicking that Andi.
In fact,
I'm gonna get rid of this code now,
and there were just gonna look at this.
So we're going to select the range a five to a 12 member can activate a nine.
So when they step through,
there goes my selection.
Notice what happens in Excel when I hit F eight A nine has Bean activated,
though.
Although we have all of these self selected,
the active cell is now a nine on That is the difference.
Okay,
I'll see you in the next lecture.